Do you still want your daughter to study?
Think about it, hahaha.
Think about it and don't give it.
Block you
I'll tell you what.
This request
You have to have a begging attitude, right?
Big deal
Let's wait on the hour
Give it to your dad
Boss Huang, why don't you give me your clothes?
I'll take it back for you.
Can I wash it and give it back to you?
Hahahaha
Be poor, that's the way you are poor
Brother Huang, let me come to Brother Huang
Boss Huang, please show some respect.
Fucking shameless shameless shameless
How do I clean you up?
You let me go you let me go
Help! Help!
Mom let go of my mom
Go for a walk
You come back to me too
Are you alright this time?
Come on.
Dad dad dad dad
Who is that?
Who am I?
Ah!
Damn
Sir, you're in big trouble, hurry up, hurry up
Su Wan said take a good look at who I am